courses/cpsc1050/README.md, before:

# CPSC 1050 - Introduction to Computer Science

[View this course on Langara](https://langara.ca/programs-and-courses/courses/CPSC/1050.html)

## Course Description

Offers a broad overview of the computer science discipline. Provides students with an appreciation for and an understanding of the many different aspects of the discipline. Topics include information and data representation; introduction to computer hardware and programming; networks; applications (e.g., spreadsheet, database); social networking; ethics; and history. Intended for both students expecting to continue in computer science as well as for those taking it for general interest.

## Prerequisites

**Prerequisite(s):** N/A

## Lecture Recordings

- 2020/09/14
  - https://streamable.com/ektact
  - https://streamable.com/scvh7c
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnIWZE284Rw&feature=youtu.be

## Resources

- Do you have a resource for this class? [Create a pull request](https://github.com/langaracs/course-resources/compare)!

Commit message:

Add resources for number systems

courses/cpsc1050/README.md, after:

# CPSC 1050 - Introduction to Computer Science

[View this course on Langara](https://langara.ca/programs-and-courses/courses/CPSC/1050.html)

## Course Description

Offers a broad overview of the computer science discipline. Provides students with an appreciation for and an understanding of the many different aspects of the discipline. Topics include information and data representation; introduction to computer hardware and programming; networks; applications (e.g., spreadsheet, database); social networking; ethics; and history. Intended for both students expecting to continue in computer science as well as for those taking it for general interest.

## Prerequisites

**Prerequisite(s):** N/A

## Lecture Recordings

- 2020/09/14
  - https://streamable.com/ektact
  - https://streamable.com/scvh7c
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnIWZE284Rw&feature=youtu.be

## Resources

### Number Systems and Binary

- [Introduction to number systems and binary (Khan Academy)](https://www.khanacademy.org/math/algebra-home/alg-intro-to-algebra/algebra-alternate-number-bases/v/number-systems-introduction)
- [Binary Number System (Math Is Fun)](https://www.mathsisfun.com/binary-number-system.html)
